[Music]
this is one of our students Jody Sawyer
we have so many promising students this
year I find it hard to keep them
straight
don't worry I won't forget you know how
I saw my way in
no Cooper Neil Jody Sawyer Papa we'll go
for a ride
did I seem as cocky in person as he's on
TV
I heard he hasn't spoken to anyone but
he talked to me what's your name dear
Jody Sawyer you need to concentrate on
your turnout does that help
probably not but it doesn't hurt how'd
you end up a dancer anyway Charlie give
me better-looking girls in the dance
world yeah just ask her you're not like
most of the girls here your technique is
nowhere near where it should be what you
went to a special academy or
something charities helpless you
understand what I'm saying use what you
we all heard you you have to speak to
her like that this is my classroom are
you kicking me out I want you to really
think this is the right place for you do
you have a 5:30 class Klan would you
like anything but ballet
you're not here by mistake someone at
your audition watched you dance and saw
something special what you gotta do is
figure out how to find that again
Easter dreams your dream if it's for
what I wanted I wouldn't be as unhappy
you two dance really well together I see
someone she doesn't know I see her but I
see
[Music]
[Applause]
do you think I'm an idiot for getting
involved and I think he's an idiot for
not treating you well whatever you feel
just dancing
[Music]